## Repository synchronization

We chose to use Git for version management not only because of the power and stability of Git, but also because it is open. Paid users of SiYuan can use our server's cloud repository service to implement data synchronization, but using our server's cloud repository is not the only option. All users can realize data synchronization through the open collaboration feature of Git.

You can easily add other remote repository services (such as GitHub repositories) by editing the Git configuration file (.git/config) or using the `git add remote` command. For details, please refer to the GitHub document [Adding a remote](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/using-git/adding-a-remote).

After clicking the Sync button on the interface, SiYuan will synchronize remote repository data through `git pull` and `git push`. If you encounter a data conflict, please use a Git tool to resolve the conflict. We will gradually increase the built-in support for Git operations in subsequent versions #TODO#.

#Note#: WebDAV notebooks will not be synchronized because the WebDAV server itself is already in the cloud.

## Cloud Repository

The cloud repository is one of the [advanced feature](https://github.com/siyuan-note/siyuan/projects/1) of SiYuan, and you need to pay to use it. However, due to the constraints of server operation and maintenance costs, it cannot be used unlimitedly after payment. The maximum storage space of all notebooks under the same user is `4G`. After the paid subscription expires, we will keep the data for 3 months. If there is no renewal during this period, we will completely delete the data after 3 months.

The cloud repository of our server is located at `git@siyuan.b3logfile.com:/siyuan/{uid}/{notebook}.git`, and the automatically generated SSH key pair is used for identity authentication. If you encounter problems with identity authentication when using the synchronization function, please check the public key in "Settings - Sync", and confirm whether the public key has been automatically added to the individual [Settings - Public Key](https://ld246.com/settings/key) of the LianDi community. If not if so, please check the program log to determine whether it is a network problem. If the problem still cannot be solved, please ((20200923234102-ysbri6o "contact us for feedback")).

## Synchronous use process

1. Click the sync button on the current device (if there is no repository in the cloud at this time, a cloud repository will be created), the data will be pushed to the cloud through the Git SSH protocol, and the cloud data will also be pulled locally
2. On the new device, download the data from the cloud by Settings - Sync - Cloud notebook - Clone to local. Only when you need to clone the data for the first time on the new device, you can directly click the sync button to sync later.
3. After synchronization, the interface will refresh as a whole and reload the data. If there is a conflict, it will be displayed in the Git conflict marks(currently the rendering conflict in the editor is flawed, so it looks strange #TODO#)

#### Git conflict markers

The conflicting place looks like this in the document text (you can open the document through an external text editor to view):

```plaintext
<<<<<<< HEAD
Here is the original local content
=======
Here is the content pulled from the cloud
>>>>>>> feebfeb6bef44cf1384d51cdd7aef7e4197b8180
```
