### Repository synchronization #TODO#
{: id="20201002092240-swaf8vw"}

We chose to use Git for version management not only because of the power and stability of Git, but also because it is open. Paid users of SiYuan can use our server's cloud repository service to implement data synchronization, but using our server's cloud repository is not the only option. All users can realize data synchronization through the open collaboration feature of Git.
{: id="20201002092240-5nh0381"}

You can easily add other remote repository services (such as GitHub repositories) by editing the Git configuration file (.git/config) or using the `git add remote` command. For details, please refer to the GitHub document [Adding a remote](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/using-git/adding-a-remote).
{: id="20201002092240-krrlmfc"}

After clicking the "Sync" button on the interface, SiYuan will synchronize remote repository data through `git pull` and `git push`. If you encounter a data conflict, please use a Git tool to resolve the conflict. We will gradually increase the built-in support for Git operations in subsequent versions.
{: id="20201002092240-8wfhdll"}

### Cloud Repository #TODO#
{: id="20201002092240-dguj9hk"}

The cloud repository is one of the [advanced feature](https://github.com/siyuan-note/siyuan/projects/1) of SiYuan, and you need to pay to use it. However, due to the constraints of server operation and maintenance costs, it cannot be used unlimitedly after payment. The maximum storage space of all notebooks under the same user is `4G`. After the paid subscription expires, we will keep the data for 3 months. If there is no renewal during this period, we will completely delete the data after 3 months.
{: id="20201002092240-liexam8"}

The cloud repository of our server is located at `git@siyuan.b3logfile.com:/siyuan/{uid}/{notebook}.git`, and the automatically generated SSH key pair is used for identity authentication. If you encounter problems with identity authentication when using the synchronization function, please check the public key in "Settings - Repsitory" and confirm whether the public key has been automatically added to the chain drop community individual [Settings - Public Key](https://ld246.com/settings/key), if it is not added, please manually add the public key to the community.
{: id="20201002092240-jbqvb0e"}
